all right I got this new oyster
16 speed blender I want to make my magic
elixir with that knife I already don't
like this thing I set it down on here it
just just doesn't seem like it's right
but you know regardless of how I get
things sit there it's just wobbly you
know if you disassemble it and sit the
just the blade on there itself it
wobbles so I mean I know that's the
issue it just don't uh don't walk in
there right so you know and I looked at
a review on YouTube already of this and
they basically say the same thing it's
difficult to tell when it's locked in
you're supposed to make sure I don't
know if you can see but there's tabs on
here I'm supposed to get these lined up
with these tabs but it's like next to
impossible to do I mean you can do it
but yeah it's just pain uh but it just
is maybe someone can help me out maybe
I'm just not doing something right
but it seems good right there so anyways
apparently it blends up real nice but I
still prefer my blender I got from
Goodwill so so this elixir if you
haven't seen the video I'll just take a
ball of water two bananas
stalk of celery can't really see that
too well move over to this side stock
celery usually I use a whole carrot but
I'm running out of character so cutting
a slim now I got roughly a couple of
mixed berries blueberries black Patera
blackberries and raspberries I don't
measure it I just guess looks like a cup
to me
looks like it'd be a nice blender but
it's roughly $40 the other one was $5
good well it's a proctor SIMEX or slim
ex something like that a speed blender I
mean it's just so old it works I mean it
leaks at the bottom but it works
I'm sure this works just nice bitch just
kind of bothers me don't it just wobbles
right there I mean maybe when you push
down on it it's a little bit better but
where see how it goes I'm sure it'll be
fine
it's just alright so I've got a low
speed that's a bad view that camera
angle here but maybe get this here yeah
about in your face okay
and I always like to just start with the
water add bananas carrot celery and then
the berries so we'll just go with what's
the sister
see I mean it's already
that's really all like the fact that I
can move it while it's blending like
that this bothers me all right I mean
it's got power got the power nice but
all right
that's it hopefully that helps you make
your decision